com/mygdx/nextlevel/actors/Item.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.actors.Item
com/mygdx/nextlevel/FixtureNode.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.FixtureNode
com/mygdx/nextlevel/Tile.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.Tile
com/mygdx/nextlevel/PolygonNode.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.PolygonNode
com/mygdx/nextlevel/BodyDefNode.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.BodyDefNode
com/mygdx/nextlevel/Tilemap.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.Tilemap
com/mygdx/nextlevel/CircleNode.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.CircleNode
com/mygdx/nextlevel/enums/Difficulty.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.enums.Difficulty
com/mygdx/nextlevel/actors/Block.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.actors.Block
com/mygdx/nextlevel/screens/CreateLevelMenuScreen.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.screens.CreateLevelMenuScreen
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.screens.CreateLevelMenuScreen$1
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.screens.CreateLevelMenuScreen$2
com/mygdx/nextlevel/screens/GameScreen.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.screens.GameScreen
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.screens.GameScreen$1
com/mygdx/nextlevel/actors/Player.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.actors.Player
com/mygdx/nextlevel/MetadataNode.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.MetadataNode
com/mygdx/nextlevel/actors/Actor.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.actors.Actor
com/mygdx/nextlevel/enums/Tag.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.enums.Tag
com/mygdx/nextlevel/actors/Enemy.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.actors.Enemy
com/mygdx/nextlevel/hud/Hud.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.hud.Hud
com/mygdx/nextlevel/BodyNode.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.BodyNode
com/mygdx/nextlevel/LevelInfo.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.LevelInfo
com/mygdx/nextlevel/LevelsDBController.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.LevelsDBController
com/mygdx/nextlevel/Tag.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.Tag
com/mygdx/nextlevel/dbHandlers/DownloadedLevelsDB.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.dbHandlers.DownloadedLevelsDB
com/mygdx/nextlevel/actors/Checkpoint.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.actors.Checkpoint
com/mygdx/nextlevel/NextLevel.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.NextLevel
com/mygdx/nextlevel/screens/EditLevelScreen.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.screens.EditLevelScreen
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.screens.TabWindow
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.screens.TabWindow$1
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.screens.TestTab
com/mygdx/nextlevel/dbHandlers/CreatedLevelsDB.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.dbHandlers.CreatedLevelsDB
com/mygdx/nextlevel/PhysicsShapeCache.java
 com.mygdx.nextlevel.PhysicsShapeCache
